[Cortex XDR] Improve Error Message (#28932)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Investigation & Response

> Added an error message where running **core-list-risky-users** and **core-list-risky-hosts** commands, when the API return `No identity threat` error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an error message where running **core-list-risky-users** or **core-list-risky-hosts** commands, and the API returns a `No identity threat` error.
```

> Added an error message where running **core-list-risky-users** and **core-list-risky-hosts** commands, when the API return `No identity threat` error message.

Reviewer: change it in the other file as well
